[ADD] product_images: basic documentation to generate the credentials (#1007)
odoo/documentation: redirects.txt

developer/reference/backend/assets.rst                           developer/reference/frontend/assets.rst

developer/reference/frontend/owl_component_system.rst            developer/reference/frontend/owl_components.rst
developer/reference/frontend/generic_components.rst              developer/reference/frontend/owl_components.rst

> # The url was already written in Odoo but has changed since the publication of this documentation 
> applications/general/product_images.rst                          applications/sales/sales/products_prices/products/product_images.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications/general/product_images.rst  applications/sales/sales/products_prices/products/product_images.rst  # fix a wrong target hard-coded in odoo
```
Also please make it the first redirect after "Redirections introduced in 15.0" to avoid FWP conflicts and somewhat follow the doc structure.
